# CS102 ~ Group Meetings Log page ~

Below is a record of our project group meetings. This page will be submitted together with the rest of the repository, in partial fulfillment of the CS102 course requirements.

****
### Meeting ~ (25.02.2020, 30 min)
****
**Present:** Metehan Saçakçı, Erengazi Mutlu, İlke Doğan, Hacı Çakın, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:** 
This week we generally talk about our project's main aims and its priorities such as what our aim is and what should we focus on more. At this point, we have ideas about what adjustments should we offer to the users such as electricity controls, water controls, etc. Also, whether we are not quite sure about which platforms should we use for our project, we concluded that pc interface and GUI which is coded on Java probably will be our first step. Next week, we are planning to discuss possible attributes and basic design of our pc interface.

**ToDo:** All group members mainly will search about what programs should we use for pc interface. Also, for next week every member need to contribute to the project with new ideas or potential interface designs which can more differ our Smart Home project from other usual ones and make it more unique. 

****
### Meeting ~ (05.03.2020, 40 min)
****
**Present:** Metehan Saçakçı, Erengazi Mutlu, İlke Doğan, Hacı Çakın, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:** 
This week we come out with new interface designs that are drawn on papers and discussed which of them is more suitable for our projects. When we are thinking the idea that comes to our mind is that our project can offer different interface designs to different aged people. As an example, user who is old probably prefers to use a program which contains large buttons and simple panels which make it easier to understands. Our current drawings will help us to design our interfaces in next weeks. Also, another fact that we realize that our current notes contain mobile phone interface designs. This situation lets us think that rather than just work on pc interface we also should focus on to create a mobile app for the achieve Smart Home project. Rather than, at this point, we concluded that for our pc designs mainly designed with two different programs. One of them is used to write and design the codes. Other one is basically used to design the interface. However, because we do not have enough experience about GUI design we concluded that we should start to search about it. In that way, we will able to start to construct our project.

**ToDo:** Metehan Saçakçı, Hacı Çakın, İlke Doğan should start to watch videos about the pc interface design. Erengazi Mutlu, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer should start to watch videos about how we can write mobile application.

****
### Meeting ~ (15.03.2020, 40 min)
****
**Present:** Metehan Saçakçı, Erengazi Mutlu, İlke Doğan, Hacı Çakın, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:** 
This week because of the covid-19, we meet on the zoom platform first time. After our last meeting, everyone in our group accepted that he / she has some fundamental opinions about pc and android interface. That is why, at this point, we decided to design two different interfaces. One of them is designed for pc and the other one is designed for the android. Also, to prevent any kind of program version problems we decided use specific versions of jre and jdk. After this meeting, pc interface is started to designed with using Scene Builder and Intellij. We are planning to design mobile application with Android Studio. At the same time, we agreed that for real-time works of smart home we should start Arduino infrastructure and searching libraries, sensors, protocols should be started.This week, we will simply observe our processes and next week when we meet again, we will talk about our suggestions. 

**ToDo:** Metehan Saçakçı, Hacı Çakın, İlke Doğan should start to work on pc interface design and Arduino platform design. Erengazi Mutlu, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer should start to work on the mobile application.

****
### Meeting ~ (28.03.2020, 60 min)
****

**Present:** Metehan Saçakçı, Erengazi Mutlu, İlke Doğan, Hacı Çakın, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:** 
This week every group member mentioned his/her's ideas about should we continue to work on our project with last week's plan or not. At this point, whether we do not have displayable interface design on our project files, everyone in the group wants to continue to work with last week's same ToDo list. Interfaces and embedded systems that were learned and created in a week were shared among group members. Ideas were thought about new systems that could be added and additions were made. For example, as a group, to make our smart home functional and equipped, we discussed that we should add different systems like greenhouses and aquariums in our smart home system. We concluded to continue our work with same plan for one more week and for any problem we might face we kept our contact.

**ToDo:** Metehan Saçakçı, Hacı Çakın, İlke Doğan should continue to work on pc interface design Arduino platform design. Erengazi Mutlu, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer should start to work on the mobile application.

****
### Meeting ~ (17.03.2020, 60 min)
****

**Present:** Metehan Saçakçı, Erengazi Mutlu, İlke Doğan, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:** 
Hacı was absent because of illness. We discussed what we found, our suggestions. Our main target was that how we can come forward other smart home products. Then we decided to go over this subject. We shared our design ideas. Moreover, we started to think specificially how to build for functionally. All groups members will start to think what we can add more than what we though at the beginning of the idea. Also we started to build applications. We discussed that searching from internet about smart home systems that are done by some of compaines should be done to get impression regarding similar systems. Due to covid'19, we think that, to show our system works properly, we should use virtual simulation on Protues. We think that, it's digital design should be created and sensors that has been searched and chosen will be added. However, we also have some concerns about how to connect embedded system and interfaces. We concluded to continue our work with same plan for one more week and for any problem we might face we kept our contact. 

**ToDo:** Metehan Saçakçı, Hacı Çakın, İlke Doğan should continue to work on pc interface design Arduino and Proteus platform design. Erengazi Mutlu, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer should start to work on the mobile application.

****
### Meeting ~ (24.03.2020, 60 min)
****
**Present:** Metehan Saçakçı, Erengazi Mutlu, İlke Doğan, Hacı Çakın, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:** 
This week we searched about what we found. We decided to adjust colors according to human psychology. Also we decided to add sound mode which can be very useful some user. Different choices for users regarding background is discussed and the idea is added to our to do list. Also, Hacı shared an idea of adding voice support system to the pc interface and we discussed how we can do this. We did research on how to add this from websites and decided to create and upload the audio files for each language and each command separately. Replacement suggestions were made for the sensors to be used in Arduino, and it was decided that new systems should be added to Proteus.
Moreover, we showed what we did for application building. We gave suggestions to each other about design. All groups members will continue to work on application building. And both android group and pc user interface, embedded system group will discuss amongst themselves.

**ToDo:** Metehan Saçakçı, Hacı Çakın, İlke Doğan should continue to work on pc interface and Embedded system design. Erengazi Mutlu, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer should start to work on the mobile application.
****
### Meeting ~ (30.03.2020, 40 min)(PC USER INTERFACE PART)
****
**Present:** Metehan Saçakçı, İlke Doğan,Hacı Çakın

**Discussion:** 
We decided to what we can for pc user interface. We decided to add elder part.We discussed that who will weigh more where. However, we said that each member should help each other. According to we decided to separate three main part. Elder part, main part, proteus and arduino part. We thought that doing a job division could improve our project better. Hacı and İlke shared their opinions on how to establish the communication between the interface and the embedded system and how the protocol should be. Topics such as how to add aquarium and greenhouse to smart home, how to make theme and design were discussed. We concluded to continue our work with same plan for one more week and for any problem we might face we kept our contact. 

**ToDo:** Metehan will continue to do Elder Panel. İlke will weight Proteus and Arduino part. Hacı will do Main Panel.(Although we decided to who weight more where, we also will do work on each piece.)
****
### Meeting ~ (29.03.2020, 50 min)(ANDROID PART)
****
**Present:**  Erengazi Mutlu, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:** 
This week we started to design a simple app to understand android studio better. We created some basic apps according to what we learn from the videos that we watch. Than we compare each other apps. We tried to learn from each other by asking questions.

**ToDo:** we decided to keep working on the android studio to understand the Android Environment better. 
****
### Meeting ~ (12.04.2020, 20 min)
****
**Present:**  Metehan Saçakçı, Erengazi Mutlu, İlke Doğan, Hacı Çakın, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:** We discussed at what stage we are. We showed what we experience to each other. We talked what we did for our project. Metehan showed that he started to build special desing for elders which should have bigger labels or buttons. Erengazi showed that what he learnt from udemy courde and which material he can use. İlke informed us about Proteus and how it works. She shows improvement regarding Arduino and Protocols that is created by İlke. Hacı showed what main panel have until now. He also made a little arduino circuit which have 6 leds and control them in java user interface(video record). Tarık showed that he learnt using android layouts and materials. Nasuh started to search firebase systems and he learnt what is the differences between firebases and databases. All members will continue to do what they are doing. Also we will search how we can add functionality according to MVC. We concluded to continue our work with same plan for one more week and for any problem we might face we kept our contact.  


**ToDo:** Metehan will continue to do Elder Panel. İlke will weight Proteus and Arduino part. Hacı will do Main Panel.(Although we decided to who weight more where, we also will do work on each piece.), Erengazi Mutlu, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer should start to work on the mobile application.
****
### Meeting ~ (19.04.2020, 20 min)
****
**Present:** Metehan Saçakçı, Erengazi Mutlu, İlke Doğan, Hacı Çakın, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:** We discussed at what stage we are. Due to exams, we could not talk to much like previous weeks. Arduino part and Proteus part is mostly done by İlke, Hacı and Metehan. They show their work to the other gruop members. The first version of PC and Embedded system are shown and discussed about its lack properties. We discussed, how can we improve our system and also new features that are added. 

Android - 
At this point we choose one of the app design that we created and give our focus to develop it. Nasuh worked on the databases, Tarık and Eren focused on the designing and functionality of the app. Still in that time we keep learning about the android stuido to develop the app more.


**ToDo:** Metehan will continue to do Elder Panel. İlke will weight Proteus, Arduino part, and weather code design with Hacı. Hacı will do ????????.(Although we decided to who weight more where, we also will do work on each piece.), Erengazi Mutlu, Tarık Karalı focused on the functionality of the app and its interface. Nasuh Dinçer keep his attention on the database system.
****
### Meeting ~ (26.04.2020, 30 min)
****
**Present:** Metehan Saçakçı, Erengazi Mutlu, İlke Doğan, Hacı Çakın, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:**  We discussed at what stage we are. The connection between Arduinoand PC interface is done and this progress is showed bu Hacı, İlke, and Metehan. They show their work to the other gruop members. We discussed new libraries and applications we used. Some of group members share their research and they advice several websites to the other group members. Project design in Github is discussed and the way use it properly is talked. This is concept is actually useful for us because to integrate our codes we talked we can add this to github and connections can be done easily. We talked that every group member should start to fill their log files and the meeting should be added to the github file in the proper type and we think that we should start to fill our READ.me files. We again discussed, how can we improve our system and also new features that are added. 

Android - 
At this time, we discuss regularly to understand what stage we are at and sometimes we design the app together via using zoom application. We asked questions frequently to each other 
about how the interface of the app should look. We pay attention to our updates by keeping an eye on the github. Also we tried to finish the basic structure of the app.

**ToDo:** Metehan will continue to do Elder Panel. İlke will weight Proteus, Arduino part,and will add help button with Hacı. Hacı will do ????????.(Although we decided to who weight more where, we also will do work on each piece.), Erengazi Mutlu, Tarık Karalı keep their focus on the designin while Nasuh paid his attention on the database.
****
### Meeting ~ (01.05.2020, 40 min)
****
**Present:** Metehan Saçakçı, Erengazi Mutlu, İlke Doğan, Hacı Çakın, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:**  We discussed at what stage we are. There were some problems in Github files' design. We talked they are should be reorganized again based on the format that is given. Secondly, PC and embedded system are packaged and that are shown to other group members. We talked about report template and we did distribution of works that will be handled. We warned themselves about javadoc in our codes. 

Android - 
We discussed about what stage we are at and keep designing the project. At this time, we finished the basic structure of the app (w/o database)such as login screen, main screen, settings etc. and Also our friend Hacı helped us with designing of the weather pop-up.
Tarık and Eren focused on the developing the features on the app while Nasuh started to design the firebase for the app.


**ToDo:** Metehan, İlke,and Hacı will complete their part and imporve their codes( they should add javadoc), Erengazi Mutlu, Tarık Karalı keep working on the app and improve the features and add some new ones; Nasuh will keep working on the database.
****
### Meeting ~ (08.05.2020, 70 min)
****
**Present:** Metehan Saçakçı, Erengazi Mutlu, İlke Doğan, Hacı Çakın, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:** We discussed at what stage we are. Little changes on PC and embedded system are shared with other group members by İlke,Hacı, and Metehan. We talked about report template and we did distribution of works that will be handled again. We discuss about how to use UMLet program and we talked that we should start to create our system designs. Introduction part was given to metehan. Details part is divided as the work has been done. Also, it is said that every member should filled their place what they done. In part 3, whole group members will write.    

Android -
We discussed during the week about the features that we are adding to app, Also at this time Nasuh keep working on the firebase and tried to test it. Eren and Tarık keep working on the designing the features.

**ToDo:** Metehan, İlke,and Hacı will complete their part and imporve their codes( they should add javadoc). İlke will design android umlet design, Hacı will do Pc interface umlet desing. Erengazi Mutlu, Tarık Karalı decided to add features like helper button(to help first time users),themes and so on.Nasuh tried to add database to each feature that we have in the app. They will do Android umlet design together. 
****
### Meeting ~ (16.05.2020, 50 min)
****
**Present:** Metehan Saçakçı, Erengazi Mutlu, İlke Doğan, Hacı Çakın, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:**  This week we are assigned to create a video that represents our project. This week we mainly discussed organization of that video and according to that orgazination every individual is started to record the screen video and his or her audio. Our plan is basically talk about our project and then mention pc and android interfaces, respectively. After the recordings are done which we are try to complete at least in one day, we will edit and create the required video.

**ToDo:** İlke should complete the introduction and android records. Hacı and Metehan should complete pc interface records. Erengazi, Tarık and Nasuh should complete android interface records.
****
### Meeting ~ (25.05.2020, 50 min)
****
**Present:** Metehan Saçakçı, Erengazi Mutlu, İlke Doğan, Hacı Çakın, Tarık Karalı, Nasuh Dinçer

**Discussion:** This week we all talk about what we have done so far. We are try to cover up all of the codes that are written by us and at this point, and before the final code submission we have to minimalize our code mistakes immediately. 


**ToDo:** Everyone should be sure about project's codes' final stage. Every mistakes should be fixed correctly. To upload final code each group member will organize and arrange their codes again. 
****
